Okay,
guys.
And welcome back the Olympians deep in your knowledge,
right?
Another bonus lecture if you want to tag on an interest,
in fact or two to your Olympian knowledge.
Zeus.
A bit of a womanizer.
He had many lovers.
Juice hearer.
Both wife Andi,
sister of Zeus on a very jealous lady.
Because of all this philandering Poseidon,
another bad tempered man seems to go with God's of the seas.
De Mita,
normally pictured carrying a torch which he used to search for her daughter.
Persephone E.
Athena didn't have a mother.
She sprang from Zeus is head.
Apollo was the twin brother of Artemus,
and he killed the Cyclops.
Artem is obviously the twin sister of Apollo on the temple of Artemis.
Is is one of the seven wonders of the ancient world.
Airy's was the father of the Amazons.
Aphrodite.
Easy was allegedly the model for the Venus de Millo.
Hey,
feast us.
Built the palaces that all the gods lived in.
Hermes is normally depicted wearing a winged hat and winged feet.
And finally,
Diane Isis had a staff that turned rock toe water from water.
Tow wine.
What a guy.
Okay,
I'll see you in the next lecture.